In the last lecture we added routeing we set up our routes for this application and we can load them
but the links are not working as expected so we should fix this with our main routes set up.
We can go to the head of a component and here I want to change the way we navigate.
I no longer need to click listeners here.
And also I don't need ref elements so we should remove that so that our app doesn't reload because right
now if you click the links it will simply send the request to the server and reload the page.
So remove that and I can also remove the on select Meffert here and remove the event emitter the header
component.
So basically all that killed all of the imports and now we can simply use router link.
And here I want to create an absolute link to slash her recipes and for the shopping list here I will
create an absolute link to slash shopping list.
And of course you could also use that alternative syntax taught in the last lectures and the last course
section actually where you would enclose roud link into square brackets and then you would pass an array
between the double quotation marks here to configure the individual segments of your path.
But since you're all I want is to go to these root routes there is no need to do so.
And that is the quickest way of setting up our paths here.
So with that if we saved us we should already see that navigation is working again and that is that's
great.
But I also want to mark the active route here.
So that's what I'll work on in the next lecture